= MakeWatchable

MakeWatchable is an extension for building a user-centric watching system for Rails 3 applications.
It currently supports ActiveRecord models.

== Installation

add MakeWatchable to your Gemfile

  gem 'make_watchable'

afterwards execute

  bundle install

generate the required migration file

  rails generate make_watchable

migrate the database

  rake db:migrate

== Usage

  # Specify a model that can be watched.
  class Repository < ActiveRecord::Base
    make_watchable
  end

  # Specify a model that can watch a watchable.
  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    make_watcher
  end

  # The user can now watch the watchable.
  # If the user is already watching the watchable then an AlreadyWatchingError is raised.
  user.watch!(repository)

  # The method without bang(!) does not raise the AlreadyWatchingError, but just return
  # false when the watcher tries to watch an already watching watchable.
  user.watch(repository)

  # The user may unwatch a watched watchable.
  # If the watch was never watching the watchable then an NotWatchingError is raised.
  user.unwatch!(repository)

  # The method without bang(!) does not raise the NotFlaggedError, but just returns false
  # if the watcher is not watching the watchable.
  user.unwatch(repository)

  # Get all watchings of a watchable.
  repository.watchings

  # Get the watcher of the watching.
  watching = repository.watchings.first
  user = watching.watcher

  # Watchings can also be accessed by its watcher.
  user.watchings

  # Check if the watcher watches a watchable
  user.watches?(repository)

  # Check if a watchable is watched by a watcher
  repository.watched_by?(user)

== Testing

MakeWatchable uses RSpec for testing and has a rake task for executing the provided specs

  rake spec

or simply

  rake

Copyright © 2010-2011 Kai Schlamp (http://www.medihack.org), released under the MIT license
